c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\UnitConverter.xr.xml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\UnitConverter.exe
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\UnitConverter.pdb
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\UnitConverter.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\UnitConverter.exe
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\UnitConverter.pdb
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\VolumeConverter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\VolumeConverter.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\WeightConverter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\WeightConverter.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\VolumeConverter.xaml
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\WeightConverter.xaml
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\VolumeConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\WeightConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\VolumeConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\WeightConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\LengthConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\TempConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\LengthConverter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\LengthConverter.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\TempConverter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\TempConverter.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\TempConverter.xaml
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\TempConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\LengthConverter.xaml
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\LengthConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\SpeedConverter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\SpeedConverter.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\bin\Debug\SpeedConverter.xbf
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\SpeedConverter.xaml
C:\Users\Jessica\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitConverter\UnitConverter\obj\Debug\SpeedConverter.xbf
